If we look at the tool, we can see
that there are two data inputs.
One is T for target, these
are the trade areas for the stores.
The other is U for universe and
these are the customer locations.
The spatial object field for the target
is the trade area for the universe.
It's the centroid of the customers,
the customer points.
Next we select how we want the target
to interact with the universe.
In this scenario we can choose
either Intersect or Contains and
it will return the same result.
The trade area surface can both
intersect the point locations and
the trade area surface can also
contain the point locations.
Either of these options work for
this interaction.
I'll stick with intersects.
You can see below that when you do
a spatial match there is essentially
a join happening as the fields of the
two files can be output for each record.
Let's run the workflow.
We can see that for
each store we have a list of customers
that fall within the five
mile radius of that store.
If we want to count up the customers
that fall in each store's trade area,
we can simply add in a summarize tool.
We Group By on the storeID, and
simply count the number of customers.
What we see is that there are four store
locations and here are the customers
that fall within those five mile
trade areas around the stores.
However, you may have noticed
that there are actually six
store locations that were
brought into this operation.
And so we actually find two records
that had no customers fall within
the five mile trade area.
So these come out the unmatched side.
So store 5 and
6 did not have any customers fall
within their five mile radii.